# title_expert

TitleExpert - the Ruby gem for the ACS Title Expert

No description provided (generated by Swagger Codegen https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)

This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.RubyClientCodegen

## Installation

### Build a gem

To build the Ruby code into a gem:

```shell
gem build title_expert.gemspec
```

Then either install the gem locally:

```shell
gem install ./title_expert-1.0.0.gem
```
(for development, run `gem install --dev ./title_expert-1.0.0.gem` to install the development dependencies)

or publish the gem to a gem hosting service, e.g. [RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/).

Finally add this to the Gemfile:

    gem 'title_expert', '~> 1.0.0'

### Install from Git

If the Ruby gem is hosted at a git repository: https://github.com/YOUR_GIT_USERNAME/YOUR_GIT_REPO, then add the following in the Gemfile:

    gem 'title_expert', :git => 'https://github.com/YOUR_GIT_USERNAME/YOUR_GIT_REPO.git'

### Include the Ruby code directly

Include the Ruby code directly using `-I` as follows:

```shell
ruby -Ilib script.rb
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) procedure and then run the following code:
```ruby
# Load the gem
require 'title_expert'

# Setup authorization
TitleExpert.configure do |config|
  # Configure HTTP basic authorization: basic
  config.username = 'YOUR USERNAME'
  config.password = 'YOUR PASSWORD'
end

api_instance = TitleExpert::AddressNormalisationAndMatchingApi.new

clientid = "clientid_example" # String | Your client id.

addresses = TitleExpert::AddressMatchRequest.new # AddressMatchRequest | The addresses to be compared.


begin
  #Compares two addresses on a \"logical first line and postcode\" basis.
  result = api_instance.address_match_match(clientid, addresses)
  p result
rescue TitleExpert::ApiError => e
  puts "Exception when calling AddressNormalisationAndMatchingApi->address_match_match: #{e}"
end

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://titleexpert.co.uk*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*TitleExpert::AddressNormalisationAndMatchingApi* | [**address_match_match**](docs/AddressNormalisationAndMatchingApi.md#address_match_match) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/addressmatch/match | Compares two addresses on a \"logical first line and postcode\" basis.
*TitleExpert::AddressNormalisationAndMatchingApi* | [**address_match_normalise**](docs/AddressNormalisationAndMatchingApi.md#address_match_normalise) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/addressmatch/normalise | Normalise an address by concatenating lines, singling multiple spaces, removing punctuation and doing things like replacing \"Road\" by \"Rd\".
*TitleExpert::BankruptcySearchK16Api* | [**bankruptcy_search_acknowledge_dequeued**](docs/BankruptcySearchK16Api.md#bankruptcy_search_acknowledge_dequeued) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/bankruptcysearches/{requestid}/ack-next-ready | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::BankruptcySearchK16Api* | [**bankruptcy_search_acknowledge_request**](docs/BankruptcySearchK16Api.md#bankruptcy_search_acknowledge_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/bankruptcysearches/{requestid}/ack | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was not retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::BankruptcySearchK16Api* | [**bankruptcy_search_create_request**](docs/BankruptcySearchK16Api.md#bankruptcy_search_create_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/bankruptcysearches | Issue a K16 request, Bankruptcy Search. This will incur a charge.
*TitleExpert::BankruptcySearchK16Api* | [**bankruptcy_search_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack**](docs/BankruptcySearchK16Api.md#bankruptcy_search_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/bankruptcysearches/get-next-ready | Gets the next earliest-started Request which has finished and has not yet been Acknowledged. The request will be locked for a certain time window within which it will not be available from get-next-ready. Normally, you will Acknowledge within this time window as part of your processing of the results.
*TitleExpert::BankruptcySearchK16Api* | [**bankruptcy_search_get_document**](docs/BankruptcySearchK16Api.md#bankruptcy_search_get_document) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/bankruptcysearches/{requestid}/{documentid} | Get one of the documents returned by a Bankruptcy Search request.
*TitleExpert::BankruptcySearchK16Api* | [**bankruptcy_search_get_request**](docs/BankruptcySearchK16Api.md#bankruptcy_search_get_request) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/bankruptcysearches/{requestid} | Get the current status of a Bankruptcy Search request.
*TitleExpert::BankruptcySearchK16Api* | [**bankruptcy_search_search**](docs/BankruptcySearchK16Api.md#bankruptcy_search_search) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/bankruptcysearches | Search for Bankruptcy Search requests meeting the specified criteria.
*TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchApi* | [**borrower_name_match_acknowledge_dequeued**](docs/BorrowerNameMatchApi.md#borrower_name_match_acknowledge_dequeued) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/customcheck/BorrowerNameMatch/{requestid}/ack-next-ready | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchApi* | [**borrower_name_match_acknowledge_request**](docs/BorrowerNameMatchApi.md#borrower_name_match_acknowledge_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/customcheck/BorrowerNameMatch/{requestid}/ack | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was not retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchApi* | [**borrower_name_match_create_request**](docs/BorrowerNameMatchApi.md#borrower_name_match_create_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/customcheck/BorrowerNameMatch | Check the supplied set of borrower names against the registered proprietors in the identified TitleData request.
*TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchApi* | [**borrower_name_match_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack**](docs/BorrowerNameMatchApi.md#borrower_name_match_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/customcheck/BorrowerNameMatch/get-next-ready | Gets the next earliest-started Request which has finished and has not yet been Acknowledged. The request will be locked for a certain time window within which it will not be available from get-next-ready. Normally, you will Acknowledge within this time window as part of your processing of the results.
*TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchApi* | [**borrower_name_match_get_request**](docs/BorrowerNameMatchApi.md#borrower_name_match_get_request) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/customcheck/BorrowerNameMatch/{requestid} | Retrieve the results of a Borrower Name Match.
*TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchApi* | [**borrower_name_match_search_requests**](docs/BorrowerNameMatchApi.md#borrower_name_match_search_requests) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/customcheck/BorrowerNameMatch | Search for Borrower Name Match requests meeting the specified criteria.
*TitleExpert::OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api* | [**search_of_whole_acknowledge_dequeued**](docs/OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api.md#search_of_whole_acknowledge_dequeued) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/searchesofwhole/{requestid}/ack-next-ready | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api* | [**search_of_whole_acknowledge_request**](docs/OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api.md#search_of_whole_acknowledge_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/searchesofwhole/{requestid}/ack | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was not retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api* | [**search_of_whole_create_request**](docs/OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api.md#search_of_whole_create_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/searchesofwhole | Issue an OS1 request, Official Search of Whole with Priority. This will incur a charge.
*TitleExpert::OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api* | [**search_of_whole_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack**](docs/OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api.md#search_of_whole_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/searchesofwhole/get-next-ready | Gets the next earliest-started Request which has finished and has not yet been Acknowledged. The request will be locked for a certain time window within which it will not be available from get-next-ready. Normally, you will Acknowledge within this time window as part of your processing of the results.
*TitleExpert::OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api* | [**search_of_whole_get_document**](docs/OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api.md#search_of_whole_get_document) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/searchesofwhole/{requestid}/{documentid} | Get one of the documents returned by an Official Search request.
*TitleExpert::OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api* | [**search_of_whole_get_request**](docs/OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api.md#search_of_whole_get_request) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/searchesofwhole/{requestid} | Get the current status of an Official Search request.
*TitleExpert::OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api* | [**search_of_whole_search**](docs/OfficialSearchOfWholeWithPriorityOS1Api.md#search_of_whole_search) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/searchesofwhole | Search for Official Search requests meeting the specified criteria.
*TitleExpert::OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi* | [**ownership_verification_acknowledge_dequeued**](docs/OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi.md#ownership_verification_acknowledge_dequeued) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/ownershipverify/{requestid}/ack-next-ready | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi* | [**ownership_verification_acknowledge_request**](docs/OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi.md#ownership_verification_acknowledge_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/ownershipverify/{requestid}/ack | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was not retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi* | [**ownership_verification_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack**](docs/OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi.md#ownership_verification_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/ownershipverify/get-next-ready | Gets the next earliest-started Request which has finished and has not yet been Acknowledged. The request will be locked for a certain time window within which it will not be available from get-next-ready. Normally, you will Acknowledge within this time window as part of your processing of the results.
*TitleExpert::OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi* | [**ownership_verification_get_response**](docs/OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi.md#ownership_verification_get_response) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/ownershipverify/{requestid} | Get the current status of an Online Ownership Verification request.
*TitleExpert::OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi* | [**ownership_verification_get_results**](docs/OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi.md#ownership_verification_get_results) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/ownershipverify/{requestid}/results | Get the results of a complete Online Ownership Verification request.
*TitleExpert::OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi* | [**ownership_verification_search_requests**](docs/OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi.md#ownership_verification_search_requests) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/ownershipverify | Search for Online Ownership Verification requests meeting the specified criteria.
*TitleExpert::OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi* | [**ownership_verification_verify_by_address**](docs/OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi.md#ownership_verification_verify_by_address) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/ownershipverify/address | Issue a request for Online Ownership Verification against a property address. This will incur a charge.
*TitleExpert::OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi* | [**ownership_verification_verify_by_title**](docs/OnlineOwnershipVerificationOOVApi.md#ownership_verification_verify_by_title) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/ownershipverify/title | Issue a request for Online Ownership Verification against a known Title Number. This will incur a charge.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_acknowledge_dequeued**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_acknowledge_dequeued) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/{requestid}/ack-next-ready | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_acknowledge_request**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_acknowledge_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/{requestid}/ack | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was not retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_create_check_xml_request**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_create_check_xml_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/xml | Issue a request for Title Checking of user-supplied Title Data and optional Documents.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_create_data_request**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_create_data_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks | Issue a request for Title Data and perform title checks. This will incur a charge.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/get-next-ready | Gets the next earliest-started Request which has finished and has not yet been Acknowledged. The request will be locked for a certain time window within which it will not be available from get-next-ready. Normally, you will Acknowledge within this time window as part of your processing of the results.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_get_check_results**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_get_check_results) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/{requestid}/checkresults | Get the massaged data extract and list of issues resulting from a Title Data request.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_get_document**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_get_document) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/{requestid}/{documentid} | Get one of the documents for a Title Data request.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_get_request**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_get_request) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/{requestid} | Get the current status of a Title Data request.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_get_res_data**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_get_res_data) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/{requestid}/resdata | (DEPRECATED) Get the raw Registry Extract Service data for a Title Data request as an object.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_get_res_document**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_get_res_document) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks/{requestid}/resdocument | Get the raw Registry Extract Service data for a Title Data request as an XML document.
*TitleExpert::TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi* | [**title_data_search**](docs/TitleDataChecksRESOfficialCopyWithSummaryApi.md#title_data_search) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titlechecks | Search for Title Data requests meeting the specified criteria.
*TitleExpert::TitleDocumentsOC2Api* | [**title_documents_acknowledge_dequeued**](docs/TitleDocumentsOC2Api.md#title_documents_acknowledge_dequeued) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/documents/{requestid}/ack-next-ready | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::TitleDocumentsOC2Api* | [**title_documents_acknowledge_request**](docs/TitleDocumentsOC2Api.md#title_documents_acknowledge_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/documents/{requestid}/ack | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was not retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::TitleDocumentsOC2Api* | [**title_documents_create_request**](docs/TitleDocumentsOC2Api.md#title_documents_create_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/documents | Issue a request for Title Documents (OC2). Will continue if applications are pending against the Title (returning back-dated) or if closed and continued (under the new Title number). This will incur a charge.
*TitleExpert::TitleDocumentsOC2Api* | [**title_documents_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack**](docs/TitleDocumentsOC2Api.md#title_documents_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/documents/get-next-ready | Gets the next earliest-started Request which has finished and has not yet been Acknowledged. The request will be locked for a certain time window within which it will not be available from get-next-ready. Normally, you will Acknowledge within this time window as part of your processing of the results.
*TitleExpert::TitleDocumentsOC2Api* | [**title_documents_get_document**](docs/TitleDocumentsOC2Api.md#title_documents_get_document) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/documents/{requestid}/{documentid} | Get one of the documents returned by a Title Documents request.
*TitleExpert::TitleDocumentsOC2Api* | [**title_documents_get_request**](docs/TitleDocumentsOC2Api.md#title_documents_get_request) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/documents/{requestid} | Get the current status of a Title Documents request.
*TitleExpert::TitleDocumentsOC2Api* | [**title_documents_search**](docs/TitleDocumentsOC2Api.md#title_documents_search) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/documents | Search for Title Documents requests meeting the specified criteria.
*TitleExpert::TitleNumbersePDEnquiryByPropertyDescriptionApi* | [**title_numbers_search**](docs/TitleNumbersePDEnquiryByPropertyDescriptionApi.md#title_numbers_search) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titlenumbers | Search for the title number(s) for an address (ePD, Enquiry by Property Description).
*TitleExpert::TitlePlanOC1Api* | [**title_plan_acknowledge_dequeued**](docs/TitlePlanOC1Api.md#title_plan_acknowledge_dequeued) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titleplan/{requestid}/ack-next-ready | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::TitlePlanOC1Api* | [**title_plan_acknowledge_request**](docs/TitlePlanOC1Api.md#title_plan_acknowledge_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titleplan/{requestid}/ack | Acknowledge receipt of the result of a Request that was not retrieved from the get-next-ready endpoint.
*TitleExpert::TitlePlanOC1Api* | [**title_plan_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack**](docs/TitlePlanOC1Api.md#title_plan_dequeue_next_ready_for_ack) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titleplan/get-next-ready | Gets the next earliest-started Request which has finished and has not yet been Acknowledged. The request will be locked for a certain time window within which it will not be available from get-next-ready. Normally, you will Acknowledge within this time window as part of your processing of the results.
*TitleExpert::TitlePlanOC1Api* | [**title_plan_get_document**](docs/TitlePlanOC1Api.md#title_plan_get_document) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titleplan/{requestid}/{documentid} | Gets the Title Plan PDF.
*TitleExpert::TitlePlanOC1Api* | [**title_plan_get_result**](docs/TitlePlanOC1Api.md#title_plan_get_result) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titleplan/{requestid} | Get the current status of a Title Plan request.
*TitleExpert::TitlePlanOC1Api* | [**title_plan_search**](docs/TitlePlanOC1Api.md#title_plan_search) | **GET** /api/{clientid}/titleplan | Search for Title Plan requests meeting the specified criteria.
*TitleExpert::TitlePlanOC1Api* | [**title_plan_submit_request**](docs/TitlePlanOC1Api.md#title_plan_submit_request) | **POST** /api/{clientid}/titleplan | Issue a request for a Title Plan (OC1). Will continue if applications are pending against the Title (returning back-dated) or if closed and continued (under the new Title number). This will incur a charge.


## Documentation for Models

 - [TitleExpert::Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [TitleExpert::AddressLineType](docs/AddressLineType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::AddressMatchRequest](docs/AddressMatchRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::AddressMatchResponse](docs/AddressMatchResponse.md)
 - [TitleExpert::AdministrativeAreaTextType](docs/AdministrativeAreaTextType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::AlternativeDespatchDetails](docs/AlternativeDespatchDetails.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ApiError](docs/ApiError.md)
 - [TitleExpert::BankruptcyRequest](docs/BankruptcyRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::BankruptcyResponse](docs/BankruptcyResponse.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Borrower](docs/Borrower.md)
 - [TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchDetails](docs/BorrowerNameMatchDetails.md)
 - [TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchIssue](docs/BorrowerNameMatchIssue.md)
 - [TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchRequest](docs/BorrowerNameMatchRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::BorrowerNameMatchResponse](docs/BorrowerNameMatchResponse.md)
 - [TitleExpert::CharityCodeType](docs/CharityCodeType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ClassOfTitleCodeType](docs/ClassOfTitleCodeType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ClientParameters](docs/ClientParameters.md)
 - [TitleExpert::DXAddress](docs/DXAddress.md)
 - [TitleExpert::DateTimeType](docs/DateTimeType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::DateType](docs/DateType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::DistrictNameTextType](docs/DistrictNameTextType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Document](docs/Document.md)
 - [TitleExpert::DocumentsRequest](docs/DocumentsRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::DocumentsResponse](docs/DocumentsResponse.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ErrorItemDetails](docs/ErrorItemDetails.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ExtraTitleNumber](docs/ExtraTitleNumber.md)
 - [TitleExpert::FormPRestriction](docs/FormPRestriction.md)
 - [TitleExpert::HistoricalMatch](docs/HistoricalMatch.md)
 - [TitleExpert::IndicatorType1](docs/IndicatorType1.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Issue](docs/Issue.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ItemDetailsApiError](docs/ItemDetailsApiError.md)
 - [TitleExpert::LRAddress](docs/LRAddress.md)
 - [TitleExpert::LRBGPrice](docs/LRBGPrice.md)
 - [TitleExpert::LandRegistryOfficeNameTextType](docs/LandRegistryOfficeNameTextType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Lease](docs/Lease.md)
 - [TitleExpert::LeaseTermTextType](docs/LeaseTermTextType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::LrbgApiError](docs/LrbgApiError.md)
 - [TitleExpert::LrbgItemDetailsApiError](docs/LrbgItemDetailsApiError.md)
 - [TitleExpert::LrbgResponseCommon](docs/LrbgResponseCommon.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Match](docs/Match.md)
 - [TitleExpert::MatchInfo](docs/MatchInfo.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Name](docs/Name.md)
 - [TitleExpert::NamedBlob](docs/NamedBlob.md)
 - [TitleExpert::NumericType](docs/NumericType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OC2DocumentSpec](docs/OC2DocumentSpec.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OCName](docs/OCName.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Object](docs/Object.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OfficialSearchRequest](docs/OfficialSearchRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OfficialSearchResponse](docs/OfficialSearchResponse.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OwnerVerifyByAddressRequest](docs/OwnerVerifyByAddressRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OwnerVerifyByTitleRequest](docs/OwnerVerifyByTitleRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OwnerVerifyName](docs/OwnerVerifyName.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OwnerVerifyResponse](docs/OwnerVerifyResponse.md)
 - [TitleExpert::OwnerVerifyResult](docs/OwnerVerifyResult.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Party](docs/Party.md)
 - [TitleExpert::PostalAddress](docs/PostalAddress.md)
 - [TitleExpert::PropertyAddress](docs/PropertyAddress.md)
 - [TitleExpert::PropertyAddressSearch](docs/PropertyAddressSearch.md)
 - [TitleExpert::PropertyData](docs/PropertyData.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ProprietorsData](docs/ProprietorsData.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1AddressType](docs/Q1AddressType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1AgreedNoticeType](docs/Q1AgreedNoticeType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1ChargeDetailsType](docs/Q1ChargeDetailsType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1ChargeProprietorType](docs/Q1ChargeProprietorType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1ChargeType](docs/Q1ChargeType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1CharityDetailsType](docs/Q1CharityDetailsType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1DocumentEntryType](docs/Q1DocumentEntryType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1EntryDetailsType](docs/Q1EntryDetailsType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1HomeRightsType](docs/Q1HomeRightsType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1LeaseType](docs/Q1LeaseType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1OCRegisterDataType](docs/Q1OCRegisterDataType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1OCSummaryDataType](docs/Q1OCSummaryDataType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1PartyType](docs/Q1PartyType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1PostcodeZoneType](docs/Q1PostcodeZoneType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1PricePaidEntryType](docs/Q1PricePaidEntryType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1ProprietorshipType](docs/Q1ProprietorshipType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1RegisterEntryIndicatorsType](docs/Q1RegisterEntryIndicatorsType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1RegisterEntryType](docs/Q1RegisterEntryType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1RegisterType](docs/Q1RegisterType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1RestrictionEntryType](docs/Q1RestrictionEntryType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1RestrictionType](docs/Q1RestrictionType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1ScheduleType](docs/Q1ScheduleType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1SubChargeDetailsType](docs/Q1SubChargeDetailsType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1TitleRegistrationDetailsType](docs/Q1TitleRegistrationDetailsType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1TitleType](docs/Q1TitleType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q1UnilateralNoticeDetailsType](docs/Q1UnilateralNoticeDetailsType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Q2TextType1](docs/Q2TextType1.md)
 - [TitleExpert::RawAddress](docs/RawAddress.md)
 - [TitleExpert::Reference](docs/Reference.md)
 - [TitleExpert::RegisterEntry](docs/RegisterEntry.md)
 - [TitleExpert::RegisteredCharge](docs/RegisteredCharge.md)
 - [TitleExpert::RegisteredChargesData](docs/RegisteredChargesData.md)
 - [TitleExpert::RentAmountTextType](docs/RentAmountTextType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::RequestParams](docs/RequestParams.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ResponseCommon](docs/ResponseCommon.md)
 - [TitleExpert::RestrictionCodeType](docs/RestrictionCodeType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ReturnedDocument](docs/ReturnedDocument.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ReturnedDocuments](docs/ReturnedDocuments.md)
 - [TitleExpert::SavedRESData](docs/SavedRESData.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ScheduleOfLeases](docs/ScheduleOfLeases.md)
 - [TitleExpert::ScheduleOfLeasesEntry](docs/ScheduleOfLeasesEntry.md)
 - [TitleExpert::SubjectProperty](docs/SubjectProperty.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TextType](docs/TextType.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitleCheckResults](docs/TitleCheckResults.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitleCheckXmlRequest](docs/TitleCheckXmlRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitleDataExtract](docs/TitleDataExtract.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitleDataRequest](docs/TitleDataRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitleDataResponse](docs/TitleDataResponse.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitleDetails](docs/TitleDetails.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitleNumbersResult](docs/TitleNumbersResult.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitlePlanRequest](docs/TitlePlanRequest.md)
 - [TitleExpert::TitlePlanResponse](docs/TitlePlanResponse.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


### basic

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

